Typical of the grassland dwellers of the continent is the American antelope, or pronghorn.
Because of its irritating effect on humans, the use of phenol as a general antiseptic has been largely discontinued.
In group to remain in existence, a profit-making organization must, in the long run, produce something consumers consider useful or desirable. 
The greater the population there is in a locality, the greater the need there is for water, transportation, and disposal of refuse.
With modern offices becoming more mechanized, designers are attempting to personalize them with warmer, less severe interiors.
The difference between libel and slander is that libel is printed while slander is spoken.
The knee is the joints where the thigh bone meets the large bone of the lower leg.
Billie Holiday's reputation as a great jazz-blues singer rests on her ability to give emotional depth to her songs.
Essentially, a theory is an abstract, symbolic representation of what is conceived to be reality.
Long before children are able to speak or understand a language, they communicate through facial expressions and by making noises.
Thanks to modern irrigation, crops now grow abundantly in areas where once nothing but cacti and sagebrush could live.
The development of mechanical timepieces spurred the search for more accurate sundials with which to regulate them.
The activities of the international marketing researcher are frequently much broader than those of the domestic marketer.
When it is struck, a tuning fork produces an almost pure tone, retaining its pitch over a long period of time.
Although pecans are most plentiful in the southeastern part of the United States, they are found as far north as Ohio and Illinois.
Eliminating problems by transferring the blame to others is often called scape-goating.
The chief foods eaten in any country depend largely on what grows best in its climate and soil.
Over a very large number of trials, the probability of an event's occurring is equal to the probability that it will not occur.
Most substance contract when they freeze so that the density of a substance's solid is higher than the density of its liquid.
The mechanism by which brain cells store memories is not clearly understood.
The wallflower is so called because its weak stems often grow on walls and along stony cliffs for support.
Buyers and sellers should be aware of new developments in technology can and does affect marketing activities.
Because its leaves remain green long after being picked, rosemary became associated with the idea of remembrance.
Not only can walking fish live out of water, but they can also travel short distances over land.
Snow aids farmers by keeping heart in the lower ground levels, thereby saving the seeds from freezing.
Often very annoying weeds, goldenrods crowd out less hardy plants and act as hosts to many insect pests.
The beaver chews down trees to get food and material with which to build its home.
